#summary Gauge configuration options

= Options =

*Gauge type. Contains the graphical appearance and basic info about the gauge. [gaugeGtypes Check the available options]*
 ui: `BasicGauge`

 Available options: `BasicGauge, SquareGauge, SmallGauge, SmallInvGauge, SmallLGauge, SmallRGauge, RectGauge, RectInvGauge, FlatRectGauge, FlatRectInvGauge, CornerLLGauge, CornerLRGauge, CornerULGauge, CornerURGauge`

*Show / hide gauge glass reflextion*
 reflexVisible: true (default)

*Font for the display number. Default font set at design time *
 valueFont: Font 

*Primary label font. Default font set at design time *
 primaryLabelFont: Font

*Secondary label font. Default font set at design time *
 secondaryLabelFont: Font

*Color for the display number. Default color set at design time *
 valueColor: Color

*Primary label color. Default color set at design time *
 primaryLabelColor: Color

*Secondary label color. Default color set at design time *
 secondaryLabelColor: Color

*Primary label string. Default string set at design time *
 primaryLabel: String

*Secondary label string. Default string set at design time *
 secondaryLabel: String

*Minimum value on the gauge*
 min: 0.0 (default)

*Maximum value on the gauge*
 max: 100.0 (default)

*Initial value on the gauge*
 initialValue: min (default)

*Minimum angle for the gauge dial*
 minAngle: gauge type minAngle (default)

*Maximum angle for the gauge dial*
 maxAngle: gauge type maxAngle (default)

*Needle rotation speed*
 speed: Gauge.FAST (default)

 Available options: `Gauge.INMEDIATE, Gauge.SLOWEST, Gauge.SLOW, Gauge.FAST, Gauge.FASTEST`

*Gauge value. Sets new value to the gauge. It can trigger an animated transition.*
 value: 0.0 (default)

*Current needle value. Current value pointed by the gauge's needle *
 currentValue: Number

*Gauge long lines internal radius*
 internalLongRadDial: gauge type internalLongRadDial (default)

*Gauge long lines external radius*
 externalLongRadDial: gauge type externalLongRadDial (default)

*Gauge short lines internal radius*
 internalShortRadDial: gauge type internalShortRadDial(default)

*Gauge short lines external radius*
 externalShortRadDial: gauge type externalShortRadDial(default)

*Gauge large numbers radius (to calculate position)*
 largeNumberRadDial: gauge type largeNumberRadDial (default)

*Gauge small numbers radius (to calculate position)*
 smallNumberRadDial: gauge type smallNumberRadDial (default)
