#summary Stage Controller functions

= Functions =

----

*public function persistStage()*

 Stores in local file (or using the Java Web Start persistence service) the position and size of the window.

----

*public function move(to:Integer)*

 Place window at the specified location.

 * to     Combination of [scPositioning location constants]

----

*public function move(px:Number, py:Number)*

 Place window at the specified location.

 * posx Horizontal coordinate for the window
 * posy Vertical coordinate for the window

----

*public function animateTo(dx:Number, dy:Number)*

 Slides window to the specified screen coordinate.
 
 * dx     Horizontal coordinate for the window
 * dy     Vertical coordinate for the window

----

*public function animateToBorder(corner:Integer, dx:Number, dy:Number)*

 Slides window to the specified distance from screen borders.

 * corner [scPositioning Location] used as reference for the destination of the window
 * dx     Horizontal distance to the location
 * dy     Vertical distance to the location

----

*public function maximize()*

 Maximize to screen size.

----

*public function setMaxWidth()*

 Set window width to screen width.

----

*public function setMaxHeight()*

 Set window height to screen height.

----

*public function recoverInitialWindow()*

 Recovers initial position/size of the window.

----

*public function recoverInitialPos()*

 Recovers initial position of the window.

----

*public function recoverInitialSize()*

 Recovers initial size of the window.

----